hi today we're going to give you a
little sneak preview of a car we just
got in very cool very nice 1967 mustang
fastback GT
true a code car originally
running much stronger now than it did
when it was new I'll show you under the
hood in a minute we just put on the
halleh brand knockoffs brand new nice
new rubber arm
got a nice white GT strike
great looking body style on these cars
this is a fun little show and go mustang
matter of fact I found this car at a
show two years ago I told then owner I
said if you ever want to sell it call us
they called me a week ago and here it is
fold-down seat automatic 325 traction
long career nice wood wheel their
factory console factory shifter custom
hood fiberglass hood
great looking mustang
let's take a peek under the hood
there you are right there beautifully
built 351 it is a Windsor engine
high-performance 202 aluminum heads 202
valve MSD ignition haleh 650 dual feed
double pumper carburetor air gap
aluminum intake by Edelbrock
MSD ignition there's your power steering
right there power disc brakes nicely
equipped great running and fun to drive
67 fastback
alright let's start it up see how she
sounds nice built-in tachometer there
got all the extra gauges down there to
make sure everybody's happy I know it's
a 2500 stall speed converter in the
automatic transmission too so it
launches very nicely drives very nicely
on the street not too radical at all but
definitely gives you a thrill if you
want to go let's hear
that sounds fantastic pretty dash
micarta
you can hear that back here
cool isn't out back
that is sweet 351 wrong
you have an interest in this awesome 67
fastback give me a call my name is Jeff
Whitaker reach me a 410 5629 319
you